Remove quotes around code spans 1 (#35992)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/server-side/first_steps/client-server_overview/index.md

  - `POST` data. `POST` requests add new resources, the data for which is encoded within the request body.
  - Client-side cookies. Cookies contain session data about the client, including keys that the server can use to determine their login status and permissions/accesses to resources.

> Web servers wait for client request messages, process them when they arrive, and reply to the web browser with an HTTP Response message. The response contains an [HTTP Response status code](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status) indicating whether or not the request succeeded (e.g. `200 OK` for success, `404 Not Found` if the resource cannot be found, `403 Forbidden` if the user isn't authorized to see the resource, etc.). The body of a successful response to a `GET` request would contain the requested resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web servers wait for client request messages, process them when they arrive, and reply to the web browser with an HTTP response message. The response contains an [HTTP Response status code](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status) indicating whether or not the request succeeded (e.g., {{HTTPStatus("200", "200 OK")}} for success, {{HTTPStatus("404", "404 Not Found")}} if the resource cannot be found, {{HTTPStatus("403", "403 Forbidden")}} if the user isn't authorized to see the resource, etc.). The body of the response to a successful `GET` request contains the requested resource.
```
